document the code, esp. all the sub-scripts, try using AI first

USER INTERFACE/OPERATION
put the log file in the boris push outputs directory, where the hdf5 file is, not hidden in ~user

often want to do a short run, followed by a longer one. Can the potentials from the preceding run
    be reused/recycled for the longer run?

the number of steps indicated in the when the output directory filename is not the same
    as input and sometimes seems off by 10x, or 100x, usually less than shown in the TK window

add in the new window (indicator) something to display the path and filenames used in the calculation

include a square-shaped coil option? perhaps with angled (isosceles; 45,45,90), or rounded, corners

CALCULATE WINDOW
When changing the coil parameters, change all of them w/ the same value (except +- signs),
    if a single coil parameter needs to change, reset it by deleting/or re-adding it

when adding a new row (in calculate), prefill using identical values as in the immediately preceding line

PLOTTING
label the Plotly output with title parameters?
what does the second plot show on Plotly?

The outputs directory has a file called "coils". What is it for?
    Should have one for E-field/Potential params.

single particle, or multi-particles, multithreaded parallelized w/ ipython?
    does importing multiprocessing or threading help? try it?
        https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/parallel-processing-in-python/
on the 3-D trajectory plot, nice to provide several isometric angle perspectives
is there a way to better indicate where the particle exits in 3D, maybe provide coordinates?
haven't implemented multiple particles yet, but are different color maps possible, maybe green to red?

ACCURACY/ERRORS


FINISHED?
what happened to the plot diagnostics for total energy, or velocity magnitude?
add a kill button on top level to stop program execution
release Tkinter window during run
in the user home directory maybe use ~/user/PythonData/ for I/O data repository
The "Inputs" directory in Git should contain run-guaranteed settings
Another ~user/"Inputs" directory would take custom run settings
diagnostic for a plot of delta_t during run, if selected as option in calculate panel
The Diag Plots do not work